<ABOUT SECTION>
FAC is a collection of 20,000K aliens avatars and NFTs, unique and randomly digital collectibles living on the Ethereum blockchain.

Each Freak Alien is unique and generated from over 300 possible traits, including expression, hats and headwear, and clothing such as suits, shirts, t-shirts, jackets, etc. All aliens are dope, but some of them are rarer than others.

The aliens are living as ERC-721 tokens on the Ethereum blockchain and hosted on IPFS. You can see the record and proof here.

Holding an alien will grant access to members-only benefits. After roadmap activation will activate futures areas and the benefit can be unlocked by our community. To access exclusionary members-only areas such as THE PUB, Aliensholders must be signed into their Metamask wallet. 

Storyline

We are the freakaliens...

This is an interplanetary world even though life is based on earth. But it is not true. Come here running away from war... 

Gained super intelligence during several million years of evolution, we finally dominate the universe.

We have evolved in different ways and races, and have formed different cultures, and societies. We have been at war for many years, jumping from planet to planet, destroying everything in our path. Destruction. BOOM!

In the end battle after battle, on the verge of the extinction of our species; we saw it, our great blue mass, a young planet full of life, had ended up becoming extinct.; the war was finally over.

We settled in caves and underground colonies, out of sight of the Earthlings. We have not influenced the development of humans, although sometimes we show ourselves and act deliberately so that we do not kill each other. After a few years of disputes, fights, questions, brawls, altercations, and fights, we reached absolute peace between us. We related and got together with each other, a new species had been born, stronger, more adapted and more capable of relating, and more intelligent. But we are a species that evolves and for 1000 years we match their abilities today we are almost identical if it were not for the color of our skin.

Today we are hidden and camouflaged among the earthlings, it is impossible to know if we are human or not, sometimes we leave some clues such as letting our ships be seen, real appearance, and popular beliefs such as abdication.
__
__
___
WELCOME TO THE PUB CLUB
When you buy a Freak Alien, you’re not just simply buying an avatar or a provably-rare piece of art. You become a freakalien and are gaining membership access to a club whose benefits and offerings will increase over time. Your Freak Alien can serve as your digital identity in the metaverse, and open digital doors for you.

The FAC Pub Club will become operational once the roadmap hits 65%. It contains a storybook accessible only to verify freakaliens containing at least one alien in their wallet. Like any good dive pub, this is the place to write, some notes on a piece of napkin or what is best, take part in the film by writing down your ideas. Your alien might debut in the movie!

Each freakaliens will have the chance to write a piece of the story. This is a collaborative sort of art that might get to the big screen. But most of all you have to have fun, so enjoy it. We cant wait to see what you guys can come up with.
COMMUNITY

We are going to make this community the first alien truly population in the blockchain outer space. We are The Freakaliens and together we stand.
INCLUSIVITY

We believe that people value the groups they belong to, so we want you to make decisions in Freak Aliens Club. We love to encourage our amazing community to share their ideas on our Discord server.
OWNERSHIP

It is yours alien, you own it. Rights of property and commercial use are granted to the consumer on their NFT. We are not responsible for your misbehavior. So keep it safe and secure.
FOR THE LONG HAUL

You have the opportunity to be part of our growing community. The Freak Aliens Club project will evolve and expand over the long term. We believe in individuals who share common goals and share similar successes.
___
__
__